MILLIONS OF AMERICANS ARE HUNGRY FOR A WAY TO DROP WEIGHT.
TODAY'S NEWS: ONE DIET DOESN'T FIT ALL.
- We wanted to do a long-term two-year trial to test
head-to-head low-carb, low-fat and mediterranean diet.
ALL THREE HELPED PEOPLE LOSE WEIGHT - ON AVERAGE, 7 POUNDS ON
THE LOW-FAT DIET, 10 ON A MEDITERRANEAN DIET RICH IN FISH,
VEGETABLES, AND OLIVE OIL, AND 12 ON A MOSTLY MEAT-FREE VERSION
OF THE LOW-CARB DIET.
They experienced the sharpest rapid weight loss, because the
low-carb diet is quite satiating, and you just -
you don't feel like eating a lot.
SURPRISINGLY, THE LOW-CARB DIET, RELATIVELY HIGH IN FAT,
ALSO HAD THE BEST EFFECT ON CHOLESTEROL LEVELS.
ON THE OTHER HAND, THE MEDITERRANEAN DIET WAS BEST
AT LOWERING BLOOD SUGAR IN DIABETICS, AND LOW-FAT MAY NOT
BE FIRST CHOICE ANYMORE.
They don't taste as good, and they're actually not as healthy
as the moderate-fat Mediterranean style diet.